Adding more information about blocks and blocks error handling. (#54429)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_error_handling.rst

for finer-grained control ``max_fail_percentage`` can be used to abort the run after a given percentage of hosts has failed.

Using blocks
````````````

Most of what you can apply to a single task (with the exception of loops) can be applied at the :ref:`playbooks_blocks` level, which also makes it much easier to set data or directives common to the tasks.
Blocks also introduce the ability to handle errors in a way similar to exceptions in most programming languages.

> Blocks only deal with 'failed' status of a task. A bad task definition, an undefined variable or an unreachable host are not `rescuable` errors::

Reviewer: Undefined variables are "rescuable" errors
```suggestion
Blocks only deal with 'failed' status of a task. A bad task definition or an unreachable host are not 'rescuable' errors::
```

    tasks:
    - name: Handle the error
      block:
        - debug:
            msg: 'I execute normally'
        - name: i force a failure
          command: /bin/false
        - debug:
            msg: 'I never execute, due to the above task failing, :-('
      rescue:
        - debug:
            msg: 'I caught an error, can do stuff here to fix it, :-)'

> This will 'revert' the failed status of the task for the run and the play will continue as if it had succeeded. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will 'revert' the failed status of the outer ``block`` task for the run and the play will continue as if it had succeeded. 
```
